{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Here\'92s a list of computer science problems similar to the **Rollercoaster Problem**, which typically involves logic, constraints, or algorithmic challenges:\
\
1. **The Knapsack Problem**  \
   You are given a set of items, each with a weight and a value, and you must determine the number of each item to include in a collection so that the total weight does not exceed a given limit, while the total value is maximized.  \
   **Category:** Dynamic Programming, Greedy Algorithms\
\
2. **The Travelling Salesman Problem (TSP)**  \
   Given a list of cities and the distances between them, determine the shortest possible route that visits each city exactly once and returns to the origin city.  \
   **Category:** Graph Theory, Dynamic Programming, NP-hard Problems\
\
3. **The N-Queens Problem**  \
   Place N queens on an NxN chessboard such that no two queens threaten each other. Queens threaten each other if they are in the same row, column, or diagonal.  \
   **Category:** Backtracking, Recursion\
\
4. **The Longest Increasing Subsequence**  \
   Given a sequence of numbers, find the longest subsequence that is strictly increasing.  \
   **Category:** Dynamic Programming, Greedy Algorithms\
\
5. **The Coin Change Problem**  \
   Given a set of coin denominations and an amount, find the minimum number of coins needed to make that amount, or determine if it's impossible.  \
   **Category:** Dynamic Programming, Greedy Algorithms\
\
6. **The Minimum Spanning Tree (MST)**  \
   Given a connected, undirected graph with weighted edges, find a subset of the edges that connects all the vertices with the minimum possible total edge weight.  \
   **Category:** Graph Theory (Kruskal\'92s and Prim\'92s algorithms)\
\
7. **The Sudoku Solver**  \
   Given a partially filled 9x9 grid of a Sudoku puzzle, fill the missing entries so that every row, every column, and every 3x3 subgrid contains the digits 1 to 9 without repetition.  \
   **Category:** Backtracking, Constraint Satisfaction\
\
8. **The Maximum Subarray Problem (Kadane's Algorithm)**  \
   Find the contiguous subarray within a one-dimensional array of numbers that has the largest sum.  \
   **Category:** Dynamic Programming, Greedy Algorithms\
\
9. **The Tower of Hanoi**  \
   Move a stack of disks from one peg to another, following a set of rules: only one disk can be moved at a time, and no larger disk can be placed on top of a smaller one.  \
   **Category:** Recursion\
\
10. **The Dijkstra\'92s Algorithm**  \
   Given a graph with non-negative weights, find the shortest path from a source node to all other nodes.  \
   **Category:** Graph Theory, Greedy Algorithms\
\
11. **The Bipartite Matching Problem**  \
   Given a bipartite graph, determine if there is a perfect matching between the two sets of nodes.  \
   **Category:** Graph Theory, Maximum Flow\
\
12. **The Josephus Problem**  \
   People are arranged in a circle and eliminated every k-th person until one person remains. Find the position of the last remaining person.  \
   **Category:** Recursion, Mathematical Simulation\
\
13. **The Shortest Path in a Maze**  \
   Given a 2D grid (maze), find the shortest path from a start point to an endpoint, avoiding obstacles.  \
   **Category:** BFS, DFS, Dynamic Programming\
\
14. **Job Scheduling Problem**  \
   Given a set of jobs where each job has a start time, end time, and profit, determine the maximum profit subset of jobs that don\'92t overlap in time.  \
   **Category:** Dynamic Programming, Greedy Algorithms\
\
15. **The 0/1 Knapsack Problem**  \
   Similar to the classic knapsack problem, but each item can either be included or excluded (i.e., you cannot take fractional parts of the items).  \
   **Category:** Dynamic Programming\
\
16. **The Edit Distance Problem**  \
   Find the minimum number of operations required to convert one string into another, where the allowed operations are insertions, deletions, or substitutions of characters.  \
   **Category:** Dynamic Programming\
\
17. **The Prisoner\'92s Dilemma Problem**  \
   Multiple prisoners are given a series of choices (e.g., cooperate or betray) with consequences based on their decisions. The challenge is to maximize individual gain while considering others\'92 decisions.  \
   **Category:** Game Theory\
\
18. **The Maximum Flow Problem**  \
   Given a flow network, find the maximum possible flow from a source node to a sink node.  \
   **Category:** Graph Theory, Network Flow (Ford-Fulkerson Algorithm)\
\
19. **Subset Sum Problem**  \
   Given a set of integers, determine if there is a subset whose sum equals a given target number.  \
   **Category:** Dynamic Programming, NP-complete Problems\
\
20. **Egg Drop Problem**  \
   Given a number of floors and a certain number of eggs, determine the minimum number of egg drops required to find out the highest floor from which an egg can be dropped without breaking.  \
   **Category:** Dynamic Programming\
\
Each of these problems involves similar computational thinking, often requiring algorithm design, optimization, dynamic programming, or combinatorial problem-solving, much like the rollercoaster problem might.}